whether that means no we're not gonna
save you kidding you can joking you you
would jokes if you make the pranks a lot
I warzone gonna I guess World War two
lions we're gonna go battle some lines
as you can tell oh oh we got we got we
got people now god we got different
people we got a house and we got a
pretty bad pun where does Boris come
into the whole thing of rhinoceros love
to know that oh hey okay jerk
something's like throwing grenades at me
someone has a really good reach that
that's a little person throwing grenades
very far away I must say a little too
far from my taste Oh life is bouncing
off they're pretty cool although I never
can tell who's giving it more damage who
is doing the more damage grammar lessons
vicodins for peace I teach myself
grammar so i can improve so obviously
that makes sense fuck you take fuck your
couch tank I just gently tap you when
you die this is it the zip zip zip we're
done no we're not that not that give me
the person I eight-person person has
been eaten captain he is the person on
geo add punch of dank ass lounge is
totally destroyed minus the background
which is obviously fully built in like
five times the size of us that's a lot
that is very top that's donut browse
viva la falls I'll get it we got the
mouth cheese and french people like that
kind of stuff oh oh we're based on base
jumping from building the building with
monster like a base-jumping monster well
how do i how do it how do I mag tanks
battle tanks how do they work so now the
real question is are we fighting the
Nazis are we fighting the French because
the French would be surrendered it by
this time so I think we're battling not
see so you're welcome French people oh
hello don't know why you're dancing in
the middle of a war a terrible idea I
wouldn't advise it ever I'm just eating
people eating people oh shit up mantra
blowing shit up how does have his head
or make explosions for punching punching
punching plus rhinoceros equals
explosion how do i do I wanted that one
to use mine how do I get behind I don't
know magic Rhino powers activate I don't
know how to use it I should probably
figure that out oh look at the sad boar
so you shouldn't de Bourgh be named
Boris it's boar I know it's a hog
Harling or but like Boris the rhinoceros
maybe maybe Rhino face yo rattle face
though you are very similar to run after
it
oh oh punch people punch me in life is
my past time favorite hobby just listed
on harmony I like to punch people I like
to kick butts what is why does he get
Curtis forgot their names right up there
and Curtis your I want to punch the
after that I went fine I want to punch
turn to Carol wait okay oh wait now not
the Eiffel Tower the thing this makes no
sense as to how these two things are
together one does not belong at off Big
Ben that was named I kept calling Eiffel
Tower don't know why I thought I was
right there France France niglet pretty
close not that close that's too close
too close whoa too close there's a big
ocean between Nietzsche only cuz you're
delicious yeah nice white tender thighs
I wish I attend a class up there's two
of them there's cubic bends things are
fucked on are so obviously both big
bands are in Paris there's two of them
to kind of two big beds you know what
that's more than more than one you know
what not even in the right place excuse
me trying to break shit why I'm gonna
trying to break shit so i can get stars
blast off and make my own galaxy that's
the goal it's the goal all right we must
oh we're done that was air races Air
Races aces of the air we're gonna shoot
I guess Oh what what what is was this
was going on here a little lost what
just happened what just do I eat you do
i do I shoot this thing what am i doing
what am i doing I got 10 points though
don't know how but I got I got 1000 damn
bullets where am i where am I I don't
know gonna avoid death though don't
shoot me stay away stay away can't touch
can't touch feel like this is 215 no no
not to 15 okay okay why do i why am I
invincible will confuse on that one 00
dodge the bullet up didn't dodge him din
da German time what is the score going
up to hi welcome back Oh blimey love it
love it Oh Boris okay this how are we so
big yet so tiny all at the same time one
glass most greatest mysteries as opposed
wow he Louie just spawn what I'm a
douche I'm a dirty dirty for or right up
damn Boris bore it makes
get back here why I oughta there we go
there we go killing bitches oh no no ma
they got me they shot of dead Sarge ah
sounds exactly like a giant mutated
hogwits out oh whoa whoa whoa watch
yourself step there we go I'm King I win
I'm the winner with wood these these
proven rubs oh 440 points cure the
victor goes the spoils time zone Radek
ated we're an exterminator exterminating
space and time it is so hot and cowboys
can suck my dick I'm done playing this
game I'm gonna go play pac-man world now
cuz it's very similar to this in the
sense that it's not similar at all and I
want to play something else cuz playing
18 minutes of a game and talking about
it is good enough for me yeah so I've
got like goddamn I've got so many of
these maybe we'll start releasing like
twice we got I don't even know I don't
even know how oh I don't even know oh
god I don't even know there's so many
games so many games
that's hot it's really it's really hot
I'm uncomfortable I'm going to go now
it's hot by